# TransactionAppTest
1) I spent around 3 to 4 hours together. 
Sunday, I started to work on the test and i completed it Monday evening after my work time.
- set up a creative design
- add more functions to the app : add pending transactions, upcoming money,graph shwos the different onthe money spent and money recieved, possibilty to convert in the different currency.
- technically banking app needs a strong security service : pin code, api to validate transaction by sms
3) Alamofire is one of my favourite library is a HTTP networking library, built on top of NSURLSession and the Foundation URL Loading System. i could use it in this app but as it is a little test to test my knowledge on ios i prefer to show my knowldge in core ios without any extern library.
4)I think the great thing I learnt this past year is how to adapt myself to a team and different sort of application envolving various technologies, i would like to  improve my skills and knowledge in project managment.
5)I never had to track down a production performance issue however End User Experience Monitoring, Application Mapping and Transaction profiling
will help identify problematic haystacks (tiers) in the application. To do this I would use a deep diagnostics tools that will help identify the causes and reduce the time of troubleshooting. Many of these tools are available to integrate with the application code 
6) For instance, response from instagram API about my profile does not give me any information about people that follows me or i follow apart from their ID. Therefore to create any social platform based on our followers we can not populate needed amount of data, as we have to make call to the server each time for each following/followed person. Instagram restrict us to make over certain amount of calls so current API would not be efficient. Solution would be to populate basic info about following/followed person, the same way that Facebook does with latest post in the response to the profile call.
7) I am a person very consencious about my job and tasks. When I work, I try always to improve myself both personally and professionally, my aims being to always be on the cutting edge of the iOS technology and programing. As you could see from my previous answers, I can learn quickly and adapt myself easily to new environment and this is one of my big strength. I always try to be dynamic and positive as this is a motor in a team. I am really conscious about my coworkers and try my best to make them feel the most comfortable as hapiness at work is synonym of performance and good atmosphere.(find out about me also in json format)
8) A meaningful life from my prospective is that which I set visions and goals for and I strive to achieve them. Day in day out, I strive to please my lord and creator by doing the rightious actions which impacts positively on my relations with people around me as well as myself. I strive to help and collaborate with others to achieve the goals that pleases everyone. The reward isn't what I get in the limited time I live NOW but goes beyond the life I'll leave behind me.
